hello folks I'm Daltry Calhoun president
and founder of Calhoun industries since
I don't be Calhoun in some ways one
dream away from success I am building a
course good enough to steal the masters
from Augusta until the day he discovered
say hello to mr. Calhoun
dr. he's your daddy baby the daughter he
never knew must be very talented
we need to crash your place around I
can't I cannot I need a father remember
I'm not done being raised yet all this
time I went from zero to my dreams come
true and to bet on myself and I'm going
back to zero again don't get all
sentimental on me now you need to be
strong for her
Dukes of Hazzard Johnny Knoxville is I
want everyone to know that June is my
daughter
Daltry Calhoun
you